the fischtown pinguins have her
away game in Bad Nauheim 5 to 3
Lost the penguins being the first
scored by this is very
gangster on template from marian data
and andré tell you can in the eleventh
play minute very nice for the dollar
first hit in the game through is very
great that our man currently with
the number 55 terms on the field
nearly 3,000 spectators watched this
play in nauheim and we from pinguins tv
were there and gave us time
thought in new home that's what we want
take a close look and you see it
unfortunately a little bit that there of the two
on the left upper half often
the view blocked on something completely
should happen left on the ice and
here's the one-to-one compensation
by max nagl on addition of markus
gods and harry long in duplicate
he exceeded the penalty distribution was
as follows to nauheim and ten minutes
and all at five punishments
Bremerhaven at 29 minutes and
a total of nine penalties including one 5
plus playing time for marian data after
an injury to a game that
here it is again the nauheimer
which are on and possibly this
scoring a goal can look forward to it
the fans but it should not be for
the nauheimer there to achieve the 2 1
but this will be coming soon and yes
It was a very hard game like you
sees and here the big chance for the
host from nauheim and there is the 2 1
by kevin lavallee on play by tim
may and alexander tree in the 19th
minute of play, however, it was time
for the fischtown pinguins again
goal to achieve the whole by the man
to see with the number 77 here on the left
jaroslaw harbor judge on game of
mark kosick and the friar jaroslaw
I like the port judge personally
Already in the me was very good
say play or before the season
achieve one or the other gate and
also last Friday at the game
achieve a goal against Kaufbeuren
yes, the good man, I think I'm fine
settled in bremerhaven also feels
very well as you already in the
Read 19 newspaper was deep now
stood by pinguins with our man
the number 18
the 3 2 from the point of view of pinguins branding
cook on game of dustin and
others tell you can do it all
pretty good for the fischtown pinguins
but that should not happen once
rich because the penguins lose like
already mentioned with 5 to 3 in nauheim here
again the possibility for times
pretty close to the gate to get here
we see free on the far right
there is a man who will be right up there
shoot goal and that is again the
scorer max nagl on play
by patrick on it and daniel oppolzer
there have had luck again
is driven here from the gate far out
hunter has been there almost a bit
miscalculated
The puck did not go out of the
attack zone and that is ice cold
punished by the nauheimern this
but not yet but it will be
happen and exactly here the ex
bremerhavener jason pinizzotto on
Addition of trainersohn taylor general
and taste a total of three points
scored in the game against the
fischtown pinguins kings tv is in
This season, one time or another
still go to an away game
and record this for you
you can also play the home games
Watching employees live on sport tv
Just click spray tv there can
then you one or the other game too
home from your fischtown pinguins
if you have illness or illness
far away fansite and yet like
like to see your fischtown pinguins
decide the whole game and here one
so-called empty-net-goal at least
it is so specified by conc trick and
in statistics, however, is not
the case as we have seen there
Hunter stood in the gate and accordingly
not taken the goalkeeper out
but here is the fischtown
Penguins then made the goalkeeper out
Although the disc can take
relatively good for themselves
but it should not be that anymore
they shoot a gate for shopping queens
and we'll be back at the
next game of fischtown pinguins
that's against sunday in bremerhaven
the starbulls from rosenheim i wish
Have a nice day tonight
tomorrow or whatever and we hear
us next time if it is
again time for penguin tv